for the first time Israel is being named
among Those who commit grave violations
against children during armed conflict
the designation part of an annual United
Nations report by the Secretary General
the move comes as more than 15,000
children have been killed in the past 8
months during Israel's war on Gaza
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has reacted angrily to the
news of the country being named to the
so-called Blacklist or list of Shame as
it's commonly known he posted on social
media the UN has put itself today on The
Blacklist of History Riyad Mansour
palestine's ambassador to the UN has
welcomed the news it's an important step
in the right direction towards ending
the double standards and the culture of
impunity Israel has enjoyed for far too
long and that left our children
vulnerable to its consequences he posted
the report has yet to be made public but
gilad erdan Israel's un Ambassador
unexpectedly posted on social media the
recording of a call he received from the
secretary General's office giving him a
courtesy heads up they would be included
the UN was upset that he did that
Ambassador eron's video recording of
that phone call and the partial release
of that recording on Twitter is shocking
and unacceptable and frankly something
I've never seen in my 24 years serving
this
organization for years Israel has fought
hard to be kept off the list despite
countless incidents of abuse and killing
of Palestinian children ISO Boko Haram
Russia and Afghanistan are just some of
the parties to conflict that have been
named in previous years while the
spokesperson for the Secretary General
said he would not be making any comments
about the details of the report until
it's released
he said the report will speak for itself
and while being included on the list
will not have any immediate consequences
for Israel it could have political and
diplomatic
ramifications further isolating Israel
from the rest of the world Gabriel zando
Al jaaz at the United Nations in New
York well Israeli politicians
have make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz